welcome to the men of recaps this is
survivor winners at war episode 5 the
episode starts with a real tearjerker
not game-related you'll talks about his
friend jonathan penner who played back
on cook islands with them whose wife now
has ALS which is terrible they've set up
a donation thing to help find a cure and
stuff so if you can help out but now to
the game both tribes gather together and
you know what time it is
everybody drop your buffs yes it's tribe
swap in time tribe swaps are fun they
shake up the game it's great if you're
on the bottom of your tribes alliance
because you've got new room to maneuver
now it's not as great if you were doing
good on your tribe because now
everything's changed and besides red and
blue we've got a green tribe now yeah
we're doing three five person tribes on
the new red tribe Jeremy and Denise are
outnumbered by the three original red
members Sandra Tony and Kim the normal
situation is that original tribes would
stick together and vote out the new
people if the Lions go against one
another the hyenas are gonna come in and
just clean up shop and I don't want to
get eaten by a hyena
Jeremy in particular goes hard finding
out the dynamics here and realizes Kim
is not that tight with Tony and Sandra
so she finds herself in the middle of
this Drive the new blue tribe also has a
majority of original red members but
it's an opposite scenario it's Yul
Wendell and Nick the tight unaffiliated
players Alliance the big drama over here
is that Wendell and Michelle apparently
used to date things didn't end great I
guess they're a little awkward and how
they're stuck on a beach together
I know right now is sending me that you
out text and I just want to be like new
season who did so she bonds with Parvati
the only other girl an original blue
member here they were on opposite sides
of the original blue tribe but now
they're pushed together this is why
tribe swaps are fun
in fact the swaps worked out great for
Parvati she was kind of on the bottom of
the old blue tribe but all these new
guys loved her
Yul's wife apparently is a big Parvati
fan and Nick is talked before that she
was his high school crush so Parvati
stock is rising the new green tribe has
a majority of original blue members but
it is Rob Ben and Adam who are not
trusting of each other it quickly
becomes apparent it's not 3 verse 2 it's
2 verse 1 verse 1 verse 1 now when a new
tribe is formed you can bet there's an
idol hidden somewhere around here
everyone scrambles to look for it but it
is in fact Sofie who finds it first
it's another half idol situation where
you have to give it to someone else and
trust that they'll give it back
Sophy got a half earlier from Kim and
made fun room for it like we're not
really that close
apparently so if he did in fact give
that half back to Kim though and now she
finds herself in Kim's shoes because
Sarah's not someone she was really close
with on her original tribe but now they
gotta stick together now it's time for
the immunity challenge
it's a classic little obstacle course
then you got to throw the bag to knock
off the blocks the puzzle is stacking
these four blocks so that no color is
repeated on any side at first I said oh
that's really easy right but the blocks
aren't all the same some of them have
multiple of the same color there so it's
really confusing the green tribe got to
it first but Sophie and Adam are really
struggling with it blue gets it real
quick though and red who was way behind
comes back for second so the new green
tribe is going to tribal council the
boys get together all agree they're
gonna stay true blue and to make sure
they can all trust each other Rob
implements the buddy system the three of
them agreed to stay at Camp where they
can all see each other and not go off
and talk to the girls so all day long
they just sit around the fire doing
nothing that's basically baby sitter Rob
and put all the kids in the playpen and
I'm sorry but you ain't putting me in a
playpen the girls finally leave to talk
to each other like mrs. crazy they know
from their earlier talks that both been
in Adam are potentially willing to turn
on Rob but without a pre tribal convo to
solidify that they're not feeling very
comfortable Sophie does have her idol
now and Sarah has the steel about
advantage she won before she could use
that tonight and totally nullify the
boys numbers advantage but she would
like to save it for later if at all
possible
so at tribal council the girls plead
their case Jeff asks if there's any
cracks in the blue boys they've been
able to find but Sophie's like yo let's
not call them cracks let's call it like
opportunities for them to work with us
they only need Ben or Adam to turn on
Rob
but in fact both of them do so Boston
Rob is the fifth person voted out he's
off to join his wife amber on the edge
of extinction bequeaths both his fire
tokens to his old Ally Parvati and
that's how episode 5 comes to an end hit
that subscribe button for more of the
best recaps of TV and movies and click
the join button to support the channel
and be a recap Champy's